What amazes me, what totally amazes me, is that we have not one Republican candidate for president prepared to come up and tell us, and agree with what virtually all scientists agree with, and you know why they are not prepared to do that? Because on the day that they do acknowledge the reality of climate change and call for change, you know what happens? They're going to lose their campaign funds from the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel (industry) ...
I'm with some hood girls lookin' back at it
And a good girl in my tax bracket
Got a black card that let Saks have it
These Chanel bags is a bad habit
I-I do balls, Dal Mavericks, my Maybach, black matted
Bitch, never left but I'm back at it
And I'm feelin' myself, jack rabbit
Feelin' myself, back off,
Cause I'm feelin' myself, jack off
He be thinking about me when he whacks off
Whacks on? Wax off
National anthem hats off, then I curve that nigga, like a bad toss
Lemme get a number 2, with some Mac sauce
On The Run Tour, with my mask off

So I say to the Republicans, stop worrying about your campaign funds from big oil or the Koch brothers, worry about the planet you're going to be leaving your children and your grandchildren. Now, I have been criticized during this campaign for many, many things. Every single day. That's okay. That's okay.

But let me repeat what I believe. I believe that at a time when every major country on Earth guarantees health care to all people as a right, that I believe that we should do the same in the United States of America.

Cookin' up the base, lookin' like a kilo
He just wanna taste, beggin' up my ego
Ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego, ego
Ridin' through Texas (Ridin' through Texas, Ridin' through Texas), smokin' all off
Talkin' bout that high-grade,
Baby, hold up
I can kill your migraine

Let me conclude by saying what no other candidate for president will tell you. And that is that no president, not Bernie Sanders, not anybody else, will be able to bring about the changes that the working families and the middle class of this country, that our children, that the seniors, our seniors deserve. No one president can do it because the powers that be, Wall Street with their endless supply of money, corporate America, the large campaign donors are so powerful that no president can do what has to be done alone. And that is why — and that is why what Iowa has begun tonight is a political revolution.

Bitches ain't got punchlines or flow
I have both and an empire also
He gettin' gifts from Santa Claus at the North Pole
Today I'm icy, but I'm prayin' for some more snow
Let that ho ho, let that ho know (he in love) he in love with that coco
Why these bitches don't never be learnin'
You bitches will never get what I be earnin'
I'm still gettin' plaques, from my records that's urban
Ain't gotta rely on top 40
I am a rap legend, just go ask the kings of rap
Who is the queen and things of that
Nature, look at my finger, that is a glacier, hits like a lazer
Trippin' on that work, trippin' off that purp
Flippin' up my skirt and I be whippin' all that work
Takin' trips with all them ki's, car keys got b's
Stingin' with the Queen B and we be whippin' all that D
Cause we dope girls we flawless, we the poster girls for all this
We run around with them ballers, only real niggas on my call list
I'm the big kahuna, go let them whores know
Just on this song alone, bitch is on her fourth flow

A political revolution that says when millions of people come together, including those who've given up on the political process, they're so dismayed and so frustrated with what goes on in Washington, with young people who before had never been involved in the political process, when young people and working people and seniors begin to stand up and say loudly and clearly, enough is enough, that our government, the government of our great country belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires, when that happens we will transform this country. Thank you all very much.